At last... Inheritance

(from M. Fowler, Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code, Addison-Wesley Professional, 1999)

We have several types of movie that have different ways of answering
the same question. This sounds like a job for subclasses. We can have
three subclasses of movie, each of which can have its own version of
charge.

This allows me to replace the switch statement by using
polymorphism. Sadly it has one slight flaw - it doesn't work. A movie
can change its classification during its lifetime. An object cannot
change its class during its lifetime. There is a solution, however,
the State pattern [Gang of Four].

By adding the indirection we can do the subclassing from the price
code object and change the price whenever we need to.

If you are familiar with the Gang of Four patterns, you may wonder,
"Is this a state, or is it a strategy?" Does the price class represent
an algorithm for calculating the price (in which case I prefer to call
it the Pricer or PricingStrategy), or does it represent a state of the
movie (Star Trek X is a new release). At this stage the choice of
pattern (and name) reflects how you want to think about the
structure. At the moment I'm thinking about this as state of movie. If
I later decide a strategy communicates my intention better, I will
refactor to do this by changing the names.

To introduce the state pattern I will use three refactorings. First
I'll move the type code behavior into the state pattern with Replace
Type Code with State/Strategy. Then I can use Move Method
to move the switch statement into the price class. Finally I'll use
Replace Conditional with Polymorphism to eliminate the switch
statement.

I begin with Replace Type Code with State/Strategy. This first
step is to use Self Encapsulate Field on the type code to ensure
that all uses of the type code go through getting and setting
methods. Because most of the code came from the other classes, most
methods already use the getting method. However, the constructors do
access the price code. I can use the setting method instead.
